TODO Add Logging to the whole project.
TODO Fix tag submission so it is always to lower or to upper case. That way "Java Fx" and "java fx" would be considered the same.
TODO Go through the search class and replace all search rotated words or rotated substrings and replace with full
text rotated and full text rotated substrings.
TODO Should we highlight/add/remove bookmark types shown when doing a text search? Maybe just when searching for bookmark types?
TODO Handle missing but not required fields in the xml (such as last accessed date, or tags)
TODO Handle when a search is done, and then a tag is selected. Currently it doesn't correctly sort the results. It should only be searching tags that are visible with the search string.
TODO Add a way to show only bookmarks by date range.
TODO Remove all the conversions between lists and sets when using the search functions or the Filter class. Have the filter class return
a linked hash set so it can be a set and be sorted as well?
TODO When saving bookmark files, be able to set a maximum file size limit, and have filecontext be able to split the files into
separate smaller files as the bookmarks get larger. It would have to also load all these bookmarks file pieces as well.

TODO When creating shortcuts for the quick panels, possibly the shortcuts should be able to be created from settings showing the current bookmarks. That way one could
for instance create a block that shows all bookmarks related to yahoo.com. If it was specified by doing a search for yahoo.com in the text, any other bookmarks added
that contain that text will be added to the quick panel.

In the bookmark that require searching bookmarks and showing specific ones, have the bookmark UI linked to the main UI in some way so that the searching, and
worting of bookmarks in the main UI reflects in the bookmarkui. For instance you could be displaying text using the sequence bookmarks, say a list, that is
using the currently showing bookmarks.

Wish List Items:

-ADD number on the types buttons that shows how many of each type there are.