Core:

TODO Add Logging to the whole project.
TODO Fix tag submission so it is always to lower or to upper case. That way "Java Fx" and "java fx" would be considered the same. Allow multi case tagging but searching without case?
TODO Index the words of the text of a bookmark (no string rotations).
TODO Handle missing but not required fields in the xml (such as last accessed date, or tags)
TODO Determine bookmarks file size maximum policy (message the user, create multiple files ect...)

TODO Implement Encrypted bookmark
TODO Implement file bookmark
TODO Implement Terminal Bookmark
TODO Implement Sequence bookmark

TODO Refactor all source code in core to be simpler, add comments, and simplify usage of shared classes such as settings, module loader etc...
TODO Enable bookmarks exporting and importing.
TODO Enable changing the workspace the program runs from. This simply changes the directory that contains a settings file, bookmarks.xml, and any addon code. This will enable the same program to be used with different kinds of bookmarks, and add a clear separation between different types.


TODO Perform module addon loading testing - create a separate module, load it, use it etc...
TODO Perform settings/bookmarks loading/saving testing.
TODO Perform cross platform tests

UI:
TODO Implement functionality in the file menu.
TODO Add a way to filter bookmarks by date range in the search UI interface.
TODO Modify the new bookmark window to sort bookmark types, and be able to select a new bookmark with fewer clicks.
TODO Create quick panel.
TODO Store UI settings, and fill them back in upon program load. Things like search options, selected bookmarks, window size and position, in quick panel or normal state, etc...
TODO Limit the width of the tags windows in the new bookmark views to not have to scroll sideways.
TODO ADD bookmark type icons.
TODO Change selected tags group type based on which type is selected or on load.
TODO Improve tag group highlighting to show which group is selected.
TODO Improve the colors a bit to be more consistent and more easily modified. Possibly use settings?
TODO Add splash screen
TODO Add task bar icon
TODO Look into adding jar icon

TODO Add bookmark import/export UI's
TODO Add a settings modification window. Specify UI settings, core settings, and default settings. Allow the overriding of any overridable types (currently bookmarks, bookmark UI's, bookmark io, and bookmark context classes, as well as controller, and any UI classes.

TODO Implement Encrypted bookmark UI
TODO Implement file bookmark UI
TODO Implement Terminal Bookmark UI
TODO Implement Sequence bookmark UI

TODO Perform UI tests
TODO Perform cross platform tests

